Update references in dev docs /smart-contracts/security/ (#11486)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/index.md

Commissioning a smart contract audit is one way of conducting an independent code review. Auditors play an important role in ensuring that smart contracts are secure and free from quality defects and design errors.

> That said, you should avoid treating audits as a silver bullet. Smart contract audits won't catch every bug and are mostly designed to provide an additional round of reviews, which can help detect issues missed by developers during initial development and testing. You should also follow best practices for working with auditors (you can find insightful suggestions [here](https://twitter.com/tinchoabbate/status/1400170232904400897) and [here](https://inference.ag/blog/2023-08-14-tips/)), such as documenting code properly and adding inline comments, to maximize the benefit of a smart contract audit.

Reviewer: We try to avoid single word links that don't describe the destination (ie. "here"). 

We could consider breaking these links out below the paragraph:

```suggestion
That said, you should avoid treating audits as a silver bullet. Smart contract audits won't catch every bug and are mostly designed to provide an additional round of reviews, which can help detect issues missed by developers during initial development and testing. You should also follow best practices for working with auditors, such as documenting code properly and adding inline comments, to maximize the benefit of a smart contract audit.

- [Smart contract auditing tips & tricks](https://twitter.com/tinchoabbate/status/1400170232904400897) - _@tinchoabbate_
- [Make the most out of your audit](https://inference.ag/blog/2023-08-14-tips/) - _Inference_
```

- **[HashEx](https://hashex.org/)** - _HashEx focuses on blockchain and smart contract auditing to ensure the security of cryptocurrencies, providing services such as smart contract development, penetration testing, blockchain consulting._

- **[Inference](https://inference.ag/)** - _Security auditing company, specialized in smart contract auditing for EVM-based blockchains. Thanks to its expert auditors they identify potential issues and suggest actionable solutions to fix them before deployment._

> 

Reviewer: Per [guidelines](https://ethereum.org/en/contributing/adding-products/#product-ordering) we should list new products at the end.
